Use handbook references in opsgenie guide (#672)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/on_call/index.md

1.  Acknowledge pages promptly. If you do not acknowledge within 10 minutes, someone else will get paged.
1.  Identify the issue and collect information that might be useful for preventing the problem in the future (e.g. if a disk was full, what was it full with?).
    - This frequently involves running kubectl commands against our production cluster.

>     - Make sure you have [setup access to kubernetes](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/deployments#how-to-setup-access-to-kubernetes) and know [how to perform operations](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/on_call#playbook) like: looking at logs for a service, restarting a service, getting a command shell in a running pod (e.g. to look at what is on disk).

Author: ```suggestion
    - Make sure you have [setup access to kubernetes](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/deployments#how-to-setup-access-to-kubernetes) and know [how to perform operations](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/deployments#kubectl-cheatsheet) like: looking at logs for a service, restarting a service, getting a command shell in a running pod (e.g. to look at what is on disk).
```

Changing this to link to the more general cheatsheet.
